Update Cloud index settings (#3054)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/configuration/configuring_index_settings.mdx

Find your primary key, then click on the bin icon:

![The same "Searchable attributes" list as before, with the bin-shaped "delete" icon highlighted.](/assets/images/cloud-index-settings/05-searchable-attributes-delete.png)

Meilisearch will display a pop-up window asking you to confirm you want to remove the attribute from the searchable attributes list. Click on "Yes, remove attribute":

![A pop-up window over the index settings interface. It reads: "Are you sure you want to remove the attribute id?" Below it are two buttons: "Cancel" and "Yes, remove attribute".](/assets/images/cloud-index-settings/06-searchable-attributes-confirm-deletion.png)

Most updates to an index's settings will cause Meilisearch to re-index all its data. Wait a few moments until this operation is complete. You are not allowed to update any index settings during this time.

Once Meilisearch finishes indexing, the primary key will no longer appear in the searchable attributes list:

![The same "Searchable attributes" list as before. It only contains five searchable attributes after removing the primary key.](/assets/images/cloud-index-settings/07-searchable-attributes-attribute-deleted.png)

> If you deleted the wrong primary key, click on "Add attributes" to add it back to the list. You may also click on "Reset to default", which will bring back the searchable list to its original state when you first added your first document to this index:

Reviewer: "If you delete the wrong primary key" make me feel there could be multiple primary keys by reading it. 

```suggestion
If you deleted the wrong attribute, click on "Add attributes" to add it back to the list. You may also click on "Reset to default", which will bring back the searchable list to its original state when you first added your first document to this index:
```

![The same "Searchable attributes" list as before. Two buttons on its top-right corner are highlighted: "Reset to default" and "Add attributes".](/assets/images/cloud-index-settings/08-searchable-attributes-reset.png)

## Conclusion

You have used the Meilisearch Cloud interface to check the value of an index setting. This revealed an opportunity to improve your project's performance, so you updated this index setting to make your application better and more responsive.

> This tutorial used the "Searchable attributes" setting, but the procedure is the same no matter which index setting you are editing.

Reviewer: @guimachiavelli, what do you think of adding a section that lists all other settings pages somewhere in that page so readers can quickly navigate to understand why they are made for and if they should leverage them?

Author: It would be out of place in this page, I think. The goal of this tutorial is primarily to teach people how to navigate the settings UI, with a secondary goal of promoting Cloud usage. Adding descriptions of all existing settings would not help us in either of those goals, I think, and would turn it into more of a reference document.

We can discuss whether the tutorial is actually useful, and whether we need an index settings reference that's not API-centric, but both are outside the scope of this PR, which is mostly about making sure the docs are reflecting the latest cloud updates.
